Q1: What is Emmet?
Sol: Emmet is just a plugin tool that helps you to write the HTMl and CSS code faster using shortcuts called abbreveations.

Q2: What is CDN? Why do we use it? 
Sol: Content Delivery Network,It's a network of servers around the world that delivers the content(like images,CSS,JS files) quickly
     to the users based on their location.

Q3: What is CORS
Sol: Cross-Origin Requests,It restricts the third party data to be accessed by some other Origin
     Basically When a site "abc.com" wants to access the data from "xyz.com" then the following steps occur
     1. Before "abc.com" actually sends the request to "xyz.com" it sends the preflight request
     2. Preflight Message Looks like
        OPTIONS /service.json
        Host: xyz.com [The one who is getting request for allowing to access the data]
        Origin: abc.com [The one who is asking for the request]
        Access-Control-Request-Method: PATCH [a method type similar to PUT, but the only difference is PUT replaces existing data entirly,PATCH updates part of existing data]
        Access-Control-Request-Headers: Content-Type,API-Key

     3. Now what the server should reply
        HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
        Access-Control-Allow-Origin: abc.com
        Access-Control-Allow-Methods: PATCH
        Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Content-Type, API-Key

Q4:  What is diference between React and ReactDOM??
Sol: React,core library for creating components and UI logic
     ReactDOM,handles rendering those components  to the browser's DOM

Q5:  What is async and defer?
Sol: In javascript both async and defer are attributes that can be added to <script> tags to control how and when scripts
     are loaded and executed. They are mainly used for improving page laod performance
     Defer: 
            Downloads the scripts in parallel with HTML parsing
            Executes the script after the HTML is fully parsed(DOM is ready)
            Scripts with defer maintains their order if multiple are used
            Best for: Scripts that rely on the DOM being available
            Think of: "Wait until the HTML is done,then run me in orders"
     Async:
            Downlaods the script in parallel with HTML parsing
            Executes teh script as soon as it's downloaded, possibly before HTML is fully parsed
            Scripts with async do not gaurantee order
            Best for: Independent scripts that don't depend on other scripts or the DOM
            Think of: "Run me as soon as I am ready,regardless of what else is happening"